📖Update spot instances proposal with interruptible label setting (#3817)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/proposals/20200330-spot-instances.md

though there may be some delay depending on the configuration of the MachineHealthCheck.
In the future, a termination handler could trigger the Machine to be deleted sooner.

### 'Interruptible' label

In order to deploy the termination handler, we'll need to create a DaemonSet that runs it on each spot instance node.

Having `"cluster.x-k8s.io/interruptible"` label on Nodes that run on interruptible instances should help us with it.

Based on the discussion here https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/3668 ([1](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/3668#issuecomment-696143653), [2](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/pull/3668#issuecomment-696862994).) we can do following: 
1. User creates InfraMachine with whatever spec field(s) are required for that provider to indicate it's interruptible.
2. Infra provider sets InfraMachine.status.interruptible=true

> 3. Machine looks at the infra machine's status (for interruptible) and adds a label to the node.

Reviewer: This might be clearer? I feel like we can probably combine 3 + 4, WDYT? 
```suggestion
3. Machine controller looks at InfraMachine.status.interruptible and ensures a label is set on the node if it is true.
```

> 4. Machine controller ensures the interruptible label is always present on the Node if Machine.status.interruptible is true.

Reviewer: Do we need to have `Machine.Status.Interuptible` or can we always rely on the InfraMachine status as source of truth? Are we copying this for improved UX?

Reviewer 2: I had originally suggested copying from InfraMachine to Machine, but removed it after chatting with @vincepri (trying to avoid copying when it's not required). We can update this line to say "if InfraMachine.status.interruptible is true".
